chore(docs) Resolve 'simple' style warnings where applicable (#46966)
supabase/supabase: apps/docs/content/guides/security.mdx

hideToc: true
---

> Supabase is a hosted platform that allows you to get started without needing to manage any infrastructure. The hosted platform comes with many security and compliance controls managed by Supabase.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Supabase is a hosted platform to get you started without needing to manage any infrastructure yourself. The hosted platform comes with many security and compliance controls managed by Supabase.
```

(Similar stylistic tweak to my other comment.)

Author: Good catch!
